[Doc Improvement] Update GA manifest for support of spam-reporting for Outlook add-ins (#12192)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md

|`tabs.customMobileRibbonGroups.controls.icons.url` | String | 2048 characters | ✔️ | The full, absolute URL of the icon's image file. <br>Default value: The string must start with `https://` |
|`tabs.customMobileRibbonGroups.controls.icons.scale` | Number enum | | ✔️ | Specifies the UIScreen.scale property for iOS devices. The possible values are 1, 2, and 3. There must be exactly one of each value for each possible value of the icons's `size` property. |
|`fixedControls`| Array | 1 | | Configures the button of an [integrated spam-reporting](/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/spam-reporting) add-in in Outlook. Must configure if `spamReportingOverride` is specified in the `extensions.ribbons.contexts` array. |
|`fixedControls.id`| String | 64 characters | ✔️ | Specifies the unique ID of the button of a spam-reporting add-in. |
|`fixedControls.type`| String | | ✔️ | Defines the control type of a spam-reporting add-in. <br>Supported value: `button` |
|`fixedControls.label`| String | 64 characters | ✔️ | Specifies the text that appears on  button of a spam-reporting add-in. |

> |`fixedControls.enabled`| Boolean | | ✔️ | This property must be specified in the `fixedControls` object, but it does not affect the functionality of the spam-reporting add-in. <br>Default value: `True` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`fixedControls.enabled`| Boolean | | ✔️ | This property must be specified in the `fixedControls` object, but it doesn't affect the functionality of the spam-reporting add-in. <br>Default value: `True` |
```
